README.md, before:

# Xiong Customs 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue" alt="License: MIT">
</p>

## Description


## Screen Shots


 Click on the link deploy application: 
[Xiong Custom]( https://)

## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Technologies](#technologies)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [Contribution](#contribution)
6. [License](#license)
7. [Contact](#contact)

## Installation
Make sure that you have Node.js install, if you do not have node.js, you can visit [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en).

You will also need to add dependencies, in your terminal type in:

```
npm install
```


## Technologies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-blue?logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white" alt="JavaScript">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-Green?logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB%20Atlas-13aa52?style=flat&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB Atlas">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-purple?logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-npm-CB3837?logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="npm">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-orange?logo=Git&logoColor=white" alt="Git">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?logo=GraphQL&logoColor=white" alt="GraphQL">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudinary-3448C5?logo=Cloudinary&logoColor=white" alt="Cloudinary">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Stripe-626CD9?logo=Stripe&logoColor=white" alt="Stripe">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=React&logoColor=white" alt="React">


</p>

## Usage

Make sure you have MongoDB Compass. If you do not have MongoDB you can you visit [MongoDB website](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community).


## Tests



## Contribution



## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

 * Email: xiongxeng@gmail.com
 * Github: http://github.com/freeway9527

Commit message:

add text format to blog preview allow proper indentations

README.md, after:

# Xiong Customs 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue" alt="License: MIT">
</p>

## Description
Xiong Customs is a blog platform dedicated to preserving and sharing the rich heritage of our culture. Through engaging articles and stories, we provide insightful information on traditional ceremonies, rituals, and practices, connecting readers with the depth of our ancestral roots in the modern world.

## Screen Shots


 Click on the link deploy application: 
[Xiong Custom]( https://)

## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Technologies](#technologies)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [Contribution](#contribution)
6. [License](#license)
7. [Contact](#contact)

## Installation
Make sure that you have Node.js install, if you do not have node.js, you can visit [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en).

You will also need to add dependencies, in your terminal type in:

```
npm install
```


## Technologies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-blue?logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white" alt="JavaScript">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-Green?logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB%20Atlas-13aa52?style=flat&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB Atlas">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-purple?logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-npm-CB3837?logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="npm">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-orange?logo=Git&logoColor=white" alt="Git">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?logo=GraphQL&logoColor=white" alt="GraphQL">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudinary-3448C5?logo=Cloudinary&logoColor=white" alt="Cloudinary">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Stripe-626CD9?logo=Stripe&logoColor=white" alt="Stripe">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=React&logoColor=white" alt="React">


</p>

## Usage

Make sure you have MongoDB Compass. If you do not have MongoDB you can you visit [MongoDB website](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community).


## Tests



## Contribution



## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

 * Email: xiongxeng@gmail.com
 * Github: http://github.com/freeway9527
